Updating Inline hook concept and common hook set up guide for OAuth 2 for hooks (#3650)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/common-hook-set-up-steps/main/index.md

Start with a new Node.js project built on the Express framework or a Node.js SQLite database application and use the code snippets in the following examples to implement the example hooks. Copy (**Remix on Glitch**) the Glitch projects for each hook in the following sections to have a working code sample.

<StackSnippet snippet="setup"/>

## Add body parsing

The Glitch project templates don't have any body-parsing code. To include this content:

* Add the Body Parser `npm` package to your Glitch project
* Add the code snippet below

If you remix a Glitch inline hook project, the packages and code are already included.

To add the `npm` packages:

1. Select the `package.json` file in the left-hand project menu.

> 2. From the `Add Package` dropdown box, search for the and `body-parser` packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. From the `Add Package` dropdown box, search for the `body-parser` packages.
```

3. Click each package to add to your project.

<StackSnippet snippet="parse"/>

> **Note:** If your express framework package is version `14.1x` or above, you don't need to add the `body-parser` package, which is now included with the `express` package. You only need to add `app.use(express.json())` to your project code.

> ## Add Authentication method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add authentication method
```

> Okta inline hooks can use header authentication as well as OAuth 2.0 authentication to secure the calls from Okta to your external service. The inline hook Glitch projects use basic authentication. See the following sections to implement basic authentication or to use the OAuth 2 client secret or the private key method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Okta inline hooks can use header authentication as well as OAuth 2.0 authentication to secure the calls from Okta to your external service. The inline hook Glitch projects use basic authentication. See the following sections to implement basic authentication or to use the OAuth 2.0 client secret or the private key method.
```

### HTTP header: Basic Authentication

The inline hook guides use [HTTP Basic Authentication](/books/api-security/authn/api-authentication-options/#http-basic-authentication) to authenticate the Okta inline hook API calls received by your Glitch external service. In your Okta org, you must encode the Glitch project username and password credentials in Base64 and add them as the **Authentication secret** when you activate the inline hook. Ensure that you add the scheme `Basic ` (including a space) as a prefix to the **Authentication secret** value.

> For example, the credential pair used in the inline hook examples is `admin:supersecret`, which encoded in Base64 is `YWRtaW46c3VwZXJzZWNyZXQ=`. Adding the scheme to this value, creates the inline hook **Authentication secret** value: `Basic YWRtaW46c3VwZXJzZWNyZXQ=`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the credential pair used in the inline hook examples is `admin:supersecret`, which encoded in Base64 is `YWRtaW46c3VwZXJzZWNyZXQ=`. Adding the scheme to this value creates the inline hook **Authentication secret** value: `Basic YWRtaW46c3VwZXJzZWNyZXQ=`.
```

<StackSelector snippet="auth" noSelector/>

### OAuth 2.0: Client Secret

> The OAuth 2 Client Secret method sends a signed JWT to your external service. To use this method, you must make the following configurations to your org, and add code to decode the JWT from the Okta inline hook call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OAuth 2.0 Client Secret method sends a signed JWT to your external service. To use this method, you must make the following configurations to your org and add code to decode the JWT from the Okta inline hook call:
```

* Create an app integration
* Add a custom scope
* Add OAuth 2.0 authentication fields to your inline hook
* Add code to verify the JWT

#### Create an app integration

Before you can implement authorization, you need to register your app in Okta by creating an app integration from the Admin Console.

1. In the Admin Console, navigate to **Applications** > **Applications**.
1. Click **Create App Integration**.
1. Select **API Services** as the Sign-in method.
1. Click **Next**.
1. Specify the app integration name, then click **Save**.

> 1. From the General tab of your app integration, note your generated **Client ID** and **Client secret**. These value are used when configuring your inline hook authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **General** tab of your app integration, note your generated **Client ID** and **Client secret**. These value are used when configuring your inline hook authentication.
```

#### Add a custom scope

<StackSnippet snippet="scope"/>

#### Add OAuth 2.0 authentication fields to your inline hook

When creating your inline hook, in the Authentication section, select **OAuth 2.0**.

> 1. In the Client Authentication field, select **Use client ssecret** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Client Authentication** field, select **Use client secret** from the dropdown menu.
```

1. Add the **Client ID** and **Client Secret** values from your app integration.

> 1. Add the authorization server’s token URL, for example `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default/v1/token`, and the custom scope you created previously.

Reviewer: I added "such as" here rather than "for example" because "for example" should be: ", for example, `https....", and that's just a lot of commas haha

```suggestion
1. Add the authorization server’s token URL, such as `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default/v1/token`, and the custom scope that you created previously.
```

1. Click **Save**.

#### Add code to verify the JWT

> The Okta Inline hook sends a signed JWT to your external service as part of the hook call. Your service must decode this JWT to validate the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta inline hook sends a signed JWT to your external service as part of the hook call. Your service must decode this JWT to validate the token.
```

> The following Node.js code uses the Okta JWT verifier package to validate the JWT. For further information on using this package, see [https://www.npmjs.com/package/@okta/jwt-verifier](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@okta/jwt-verifier). Add the `@okta/jwt-verifier` package to your external service, and then add the following code to validate the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Node.js code uses the Okta JWT verifier package to validate the JWT. For further information on using this package, see [Okta JWT Verifier for Node.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@okta/jwt-verifier). Add the `@okta/jwt-verifier` package to your external service, and then add the following code to validate the token:
```

```JavaScript
const OktaJwtVerifier = require("@okta/jwt-verifier");

const oktaJwtVerifier = new OktaJwtVerifier({
  issuer: 'https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default' // required
});

const authenticationRequired = async (request, response, next) => {
  const authHeader = request.headers.authorization || '';
  const match = authHeader.match(/Bearer (.+)/);
  if (!match) {
    return response.status(401).send();
  }

  try {
    const accessToken = match[1];
    console.log(accessToken);
    if (!accessToken) {
      console.log("no access token");
      return request.status(401, 'Not authorized').send();
    }
    request.jwt = await oktaJwtVerifier.verifyAccessToken(accessToken,  'api://default');
    console.log('token is valid');
    next();
  } catch (err) {
    console.warn('token failed validation');
    return response.status(401).send(err.message);
  }
};

app.all('*', authenticationRequired); // Require authentication for all routes

```

### OAuth 2.0: Private Key

> The OAuth 2 private key method sends a signed JWT to your external service. To use this method, you must make the following configurations to your org, and add code to decode the JWT from the Okta inline hook call:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OAuth 2.0 private key method sends a signed JWT to your external service. To use this method, you must make the following configurations to your org and add code to decode the JWT from the Okta inline hook call:
```

* Create a key
* Create an app integration
* Add a custom scope
* Add OAuth 2.0 authentication fields to your inline hook
* Add code to verify the JWT

#### Create a key

1. In the Admin Console, go to **Workflow** > **Key Management**.

> 1. Click **Create new key**, and add a unique name for the key. You will reference this name when adding your inline hook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Create new key**, and add a unique name for the key. You reference this name when adding your inline hook.
```

1. Click **Create key**. The key is added to the table with a creation date and status.
1. In the table, click your key name.
1. Click **Copy key**. You need this public key in the next step.

> **Note:** You can also create a key with the [Key Management API](/docs/reference/api/hook-keys/).

#### Create an app integration

Before you can implement authorization, you need to register your app in Okta by creating an app integration from the Admin Console.

1. In the Admin Console, navigate to **Applications** > **Applications**.
1. Click **Create App Integration**.
1. Select **API Services** as the Sign-in method.
1. Click **Next**.
1. Specify the app integration name, then click **Save**.

> 1. From the General tab of your app integration, click **Edit**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. From the **General** tab of your app integration, click **Edit**.
```

> 1. In the Client authentication field, select **Public key / Private key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Client authentication** field, select **Public key / Private key**.
```

> 1. In the Public Keys section, click **Add key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Public Keys** section, click **Add key**.
```

> 1. Copy in the public key you created in the previous procedure, and click **Done**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Paste the public key that you created in the previous procedure, and click **Done**.
```

> 1. Click **Save**, and copy the generated Client ID value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Save** and copy the generated Client ID value.
```

#### Add a custom scope

<StackSnippet snippet="scope"/>

> #### Add OAuth 2 authentication fields to your inline hook

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Add OAuth 2.0 authentication fields to your inline hook
```

> 1. When creating your inline hook, in the Authentication section, select **OAuth 2.0**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When creating your inline hook, in the **Authentication** section, select **OAuth 2.0**.
```

> 1. In the Client Authentication field, select **Use private key** from the dropdown menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the **Client Authentication** field, select **Use private key** from the dropdown menu.
```

1. Add the Client ID value from your app integration.

> 1. Add the authorization server’s token URL, for example `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default/v1/token`, and the custom scope you created previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the authorization server’s token URL, such as `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/default/v1/token`, and the custom scope that you created previously.
```

1. Click **Save**.

#### Add code to verify the request

> The Okta Inline hook sends a signed JWT to your external service as part of the hook call. Your service must decode this JWT to validate the token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Okta inline hook sends a signed JWT to your external service as part of the hook call. Your service must decode this JWT to validate the token.
```

> The following Node.js code uses the Okta JWT verifier package to validate the JWT. For further information on using this package, see [https://www.npmjs.com/package/@okta/jwt-verifier](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@okta/jwt-verifier). Add the `@okta/jwt-verifier` package to your external service, and then add the following code to validate the token:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following Node.js code uses the Okta JWT verifier package to validate the JWT. For further information on using this package, see [Okta JWT Verifier for Node.js](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@okta/jwt-verifier). Add the `@okta/jwt-verifier` package to your external service, and then add the following code to validate the token:
```
